# Pump it Up: PRO 2
This document collects various information about the game itself.

## Trivia
* Release: February 2010

# Game modes
* Normal: aka Arcade Mode/Station. Each song has 4 difficulty levels for single and two for double play.
* Progressive: Play a course with a pre-defined set of songs. Some courses have additional scripted modifiers.
* Gauntlet: Similar to Progressive mode, though the courses are more difficult. Some step charts are exclusive to this mode.

## Modifiers
Modifiers do not require codes to be enter using the pad. Instead, you just press the red button on the button board
on the song select screen and a modifier menu appears.

## Content unlock codes
All codes need to be entered on any song result screen using the pad.

Note: Unlock codes that are split across lines require to hit arrows that are on the same line at
the same time, e.g. jumps.

### Pro 1

All [unlock codes from Pro 1](19-pro.md#content-unlock-codes) are valid in Pro 2. 

### Boulafacet

### Crowdpleaser

### Dabbi Doo

### Haven

### Playa D Embossa

### RUTNIO

### Shine

### Swing The House

### We Are Loud

## Easter Egg Codes
All codes need to be entered on any song result screen using the pad.

Note: Codes that are split across lines require to hit arrows that are on the same line at
the same time, e.g. jumps.

These codes play sounds on the result screen.

### Pro 1

All [unlock codes from Pro 1](19-pro.md#easter-egg-codes) are valid in Pro 2.

### Yes

Code as text from game data:

```text
79137913
```

### Maieye

Code as text from game data:

```text
111133331315
```